docs: streaming documentation (#5980)
jina-ai/jina: README.md

<!-- end build-pipelines -->

### Streaming for LLMs
<!-- start llm-streaming-intro -->
Large Language Models can power a wide range of applications from chatbots to assistants and intelligent systems.

> However, these models can be heavy and slow and your users want systems that are both intelligent _and_ fast!!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, these models can be heavy and slow and your users want systems that are both intelligent _and_ fast!
```

> A large language models works by turning your question into tokens and then will keep generating the next token each 
> time until it believes the generation should stop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Large language models work by turning your questions into tokens and then generating new token one at a 
time until it decides that generation should stop.
```

This means you want to **stream** the output tokens generated by a large language model to the client. 

> In this tutorial, we will discuss how to achieve this with Streaming Endpoints in Jina!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we will discuss how to achieve this with Streaming Endpoints in Jina.
```

The input of the service is the prompt and the maximum number of tokens to generate, while the output is simply the 
token ID:
```python
from docarray import BaseDoc

class PromptDocument(BaseDoc):
    prompt: str
    max_tokens: int

class TokenDocument(BaseDoc):
    token_id: int
```
<!-- end llm-streaming-schemas -->

#### Service initialization
<!-- start llm-streaming-init -->
Our service depends on a large language model. As an example, we will use the `gpt2` model. This is how you would load 
such a model in your executor
```python
from jina import Executor, requests
from transformers import GPT2Tokenizer, GPT2LMHeadModel
import torch

tokenizer = GPT2Tokenizer.from_pretrained('gpt2')

class TokenStreamingExecutor(Executor):
    def __init__(self, **kwargs):
        super().__init__(**kwargs)
        self.model = GPT2LMHeadModel.from_pretrained('gpt2')
```
<!-- end llm-streaming-init -->

#### Implement the streaming endpoint
<!-- start llm-streaming-endpoint -->
Our streaming endpoint accepts a `PromptDocument` as input and streams `TokenDocument`s. To stream a document back to 

> the client, you can use the `yield` keyword in the endpoint implementation. Therefore, we use the model to generate 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the client, use the `yield` keyword in the endpoint implementation. Therefore, we use the model to generate 
```

> `max_tokens` tokens and yield them until the generation stops: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
up to `max_tokens` tokens and yield them until the generation stops: 
```

```python
@requests(on='/stream')
async def task(self, doc: PromptDocument, **kwargs) -> TokenDocument:
    encoded_input = tokenizer(doc.prompt, return_tensors='pt')
    for _ in range(doc.max_tokens):
        output = self.model.generate(**encoded_input, max_new_tokens=1)
        if output[0][-1] == tokenizer.eos_token_id:
            break
        yield TokenDocument(token_id=output[0][-1])
        encoded_input = {
            'input_ids': output,
            'attention_mask': torch.ones(1, len(output[0])),
        }
```

> Learn more about {ref}`streaming endpoints <streaming-endpoints>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about {ref}`streaming endpoints <streaming-endpoints>` from the `Executor` documentation.
```

<!-- end llm-streaming-endpoint -->

> #### Serve and send requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Send and serve requests
```

Author: actually we serve the executor first than we send requests to it

Reviewer: It sounds better in the other order in English, but it's not a big deal either way. Leave it as you like.
